okay tonight we're going to make some
old jingle bulgogi or some squid bogey
basically we're going to pan fry some
squid with a spicy sauce on it
there's going to be nice big pieces I
have here two tablespoons of red pepper
paste or coachy John I have two
tablespoons of soy sauce I have two
tablespoons of sugar I have one
tablespoon of rice wine
this one sake it's a Japanese one not
really Korean but you know you can get
sake in Korea too I have one tablespoon
of sesame oil one tablespoon of sesame
seeds 2 tablespoons of green onion I
have half a tablespoon of garlic a
quarter note half a teaspoon of garlic
and a quarter teaspoon of ginger that's
been minced up I'm going to mix this up
alright let's prep our squid I got Clint
I bought clean tubes these are already
the skins off of them tentacles off
there's no all the guts are out these
are easy to work with what take
now we'll take this side and I'm gonna
score it with the knife
now I'm going to turn it around and
we'll score it this way
so now it looks like a mango
we're going to cut it like this piece is
about like that
okay I have both of my squid tubes cut
up what I'm going to do is I'm going to
take my sauce I'm just going to pour it
on here we'll let this marinate for
about 5-10 minutes okay my pan is
getting hot put a little oil in here
now we'll start putting this do jingo or
squid in there and I'm going to try to
put it the scored side down these will
be hotter
now when it tries to curl up we're going
to flip it over now
squid cooks pretty quick well it doesn't
take long to cook all right there's a
little cooked on give when we get both
sides cooked you want to take them off
you cook them too long they'll start to
get tough and we don't want that you're
looking at probably about two minutes
per side you just keep moving around in
the sauce
mm and just keep Adam
alright all of our squid is cooked now
what we're going to do we're going to
take all the sauce and put it in the pan
we're going to give the old jingle one
final toss with that now it's all
caramelized nice and sweet dick
okay
as always the question is how does it
taste
thanks click good name